they always fight for freedom they
always stood for justice
they were heroes in their worlds until
what is this place anyway a
gravitational unlock this wonder if a
studded front of grew up we're whole
into another world whoever brought us
here we'll need a worm oh when I not
come into outer space welcome to the
first annual interuniversal hero games
to find out who is the best hero we have
assembled a series of challenges they
have hit pause on our homeworld
fascinating I'm up for a little friendly
competition or not so friendly run
circles around these guys sounds like a
nice vacation let the games begin now
it's on you to topstitch
now the fun when I put my trust ratings
out on the game
this should be fun oh don't trust those
guys
thing is afoot
we had to find them stop
that's right we're ridiculous
be ready for anything
seriously
you